added autoRestoreFocus prop (#63)
NoriginMedia/react-spatial-navigation: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
## [2.12.0]
### Changed

> - added `autoRestoreFocus` prop to restore focus when a component is unmounted and mounted again immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added `autoRestoreFocus` prop to control whether parent component should restore focus on any available child when a currently focused child component is unmounted.
```
